ally bank it right on us
oh oh my goodness he just
doesn't know any better
he doesn't know the numbers that
we caught a fish on God out
these boats there's no reason to
get close like this
none whatsoever here you should
be a half a mile away from each
other
look at this that seriously what
the slot out there goes all
night still coming
oh that won't even look at
almost ran over our anchor yeah
I'm real close if somebody
catches a fish a bottle drive by
with their ankin hit the enter
button on the gps and tells you
exactly where they are
that's how they get their
numbers if we don't change
something we're not going to
catch fish this week
half these boats need to leave
I'll get him out of here
yeah I don't tell anybody when I
think Marciano got one and A one
21.6 and the 859 think that's
where is Marciano's up north
let's get that spot all to
himself so i'm going to
introduce them to some of my
friends
yeah go bug him for a while
leave has allowed by googans
tell dave i said hello